.
1. FM should have routine check common services within the building. Notify owners thru preferred platform if any issues that may have impact on them.
2. Establish a communication platform that is accessible to all owners.
3. Prompt response on complaints - a proper reply should be available noting the action and date/time.
4. Obtain customer satisfaction survey after any work done.
5. Maintain a database of reliable contractors with good feedback. 
A need to automate the facilities management process to help properties management deliver quick and effective services.
A task/service must be time bounded.
Do it easily and carefully, than doing it quickly but not in quality.
Communication is always the key for the betterment of everything. 
Affordable services
Always careful 
An automated system should be developed to facilitate a smoother process of facilities management request.
Annual/ bi-annual inspections of fixtures and electrical appliances for fully furnished dwellings
Automated System
Automation of request system
Be active and responsible to your co-worker and discuss the right and good process that we need to apply.
Be attentive
Be good in everything you do:)
Be more aware and available in time.
Be patient to your customer no matter what.
Be respectful to your customer always.
Be responsible
Be responsible and aware to those have a problem like this
Build a strong relationship with the employee and strategic partner.
Checking the facilities often times
Communicate well, be responsive when asked something and be friendly.
Communication & proper coordination + information of the maintenance to be carried is much needed. Specially shutting off services(water or electricity) to carry the maintenance works.
Conduct regular survey/communication with the unit owners to ensure that they are satisfied with the services and take suggestions on improvement in areas such as amenities, technology, safety and security, etc.   
Consult the homeowners regarding the rates/charges for the services provided
Control your operations through maintenance management software
Control your operations through maintenance management software.
Control your operations through maintenance management software.
Do there job properly and organize.
Evolve Waste and Recycling Operations
Faster and more effective response.
Have an interaction. 
Hired skilled worker that suitable for a designated work.
Hope they will response as soon as possible so that they will repair it immediately 
I am not completely sure what to suggest since we own a townhouse but repairs and instalments do take some time before they are fixed. It depends on what I need but I just hope they have proper time management especially when setting up a schedule through the phone (or when I call them about it).
Improve and upgrade services
Improve the concern of a customer and better to be a realiable worker.
Improve water proofing. I live below the roof top and one of our owned units have leaks in/from the ceiling especially if it's the rainy season.
Improved the other low standard existing facilities
Improvement the service
In these challenging times, FM must send out a circular to all tenants informing everyone concerned that all Facilities Personnel are fully vaccinated and for the facilities personnel to also present their vaccination card to the homeowner/s prior to performing their work.
Install CCTV camera for security and monitoring purposes and to make sure that the tenants are safe 24/7.
It is important the fastest and good response to maintain and promonte the truthfulness, respect and caring to your customer and to the management processes.
Keep Facilities Clean
Keep facilities clean,Upgrade assets and Equipment.
Keep the facilities clean and optimize the equipment. 
Lessen too many papers abd
Maging mapanuri sa mga gagawin o kilos 
Maintenance personnel should undergo continuous training on technical matters and how to deal with customers. 
Maintenance should be properly monitored. 
Make it automated. 
Make some easily way to contact them or there company.and be responsible.
Make some mobile app ,for improving effective communication and showing the current state of all the facilities.
Make sure that the costumers is satisfied with your services and always listen to the costumers.
Make the management more responsive and involve when sending maintenance people
Management needs to give time communicate personally with us to know and get our feedback
Minimal fee
More knowledge
No more Suggestions
On call request
Provide schedule regular maintenance and check up.
Quicker Responses
Regular check of the facilities even without complaint
Regular checking of leaks and problems in each unit
Regular maintenance and check-up of facilities as well as advance notice for service/ facility interruptions are very much appreciated and should be in place.
Requests do be done online 24/7 and provision of quick response to the requests made. 
Right time and resource management.
Satisfied with the facilities management
Schedule regular maintenance and qualify good service prividers
Service agreement to be developed with strict compliance on project timelines. 
Simple maintenance and repairs inside units should be done for free by the management since owners are paying association dues. 
The worker must do their work within the time frame properly so the customer will always ask for their service.
They have to keep up the good work
They must be able to build strong relations with employees and strategic partners, have a sense of empathy, communicate effectively, and be culturally aware of the environment where the services will be provided.
They should have someone (who fits the job) right away to do the things needed to be done.
They should maintain their good work .
Think carefully, Work fast and be more better.
Think the process or step carefully to have a nice and clean work.
To maintain a hotline for all kinds of repair and maintenance works
Tools and equipment are all ready 
Transparency and truthfulness
Try to improve more the quality of works and communicate always with the customers, but overall we are very satisfied to their work. 
Update when needed.
Upgrade Assets and Equipment
Upgrade Assets and Equipment.
One of the primary responsibilities of a facility manager includes keeping an eye on the newest technologies that will make the most significant impact on building operations. For most buildings, efficiency opportunities include upgrading HVAC systems, installing LED lighting, and adding, or replacing, equipment to improve sustainability, boost efficiency, and, ultimately, lower costs.
Upgrade assets and equipment
Upgrade assets and equipment ,keep facility clean ,involve key stakeholders,envolve waste and recycle operations ,and optimize your equipment.
Upgrade assets and equipment and keep facilities clean
Upgrade assets and equipments
Very good
Without constant follow-up, maintenance personnel would have difficulty of coming. I need to call the owner of unit to even intercede for me.  There should an automated system to do the monitoring and follow up of the services requested for this to be avoided.
always on time
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system
automated system please
automated system to help improve the process. 
automation in the time of the pandemic
hire better maintenance service and not rely on the stand by watch man for maintaning everything
make a forum site where people can raise their concern about their unit
mobile app
mobile application to easily request 
no suggestion
overall it's good, i just want them to keep up their good work
smart sensors may be used and connected to the zigbee and mobile smart application may be used, finally technology may be used to cross check the staus of wokrking parts or worn out parts in a house or office.
so far am satisfied with the administration management.
to upgrade resources and equipment.
—-
